Small fixes to Idempotency-Key docs (#41763)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/reference/headers/idempotency-key/index.md

}
```

> If no response is received, the client can safely resend exactly the same request again; if the server didn't get the request it will act on it, if it has already received the request it will not act on it, but it will respond as though it had.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no response is received, the client can safely resend the exactly same request. If the server didn't get the previous request, it will act on this one; if it has already received the previous request, the second one will be ignored, but the server will respond as though it processed the second one as usual.
```
